Please correct the Add Service behavior in the Custom Order section of the Create Order form.

Current Issue:
When I click Add Service, the new service appears below the existing service. I do not want that.

Required Behavior:
When I click Add Service, the newly added service should appear at the top of the Custom Services list, but its service number should remain the next number.

Example:

Initial state:
Service 1

After clicking Add Service:
Service 2 should appear on top
Service 1 should move below it

After clicking Add Service again:
Service 3 should appear on top
Service 2 should move below it
Service 1 should remain below it

So the newest added service should always appear at the top, but numbering should remain based on creation order, not visual order.

Very Important:
Do not rename the newly added service to Service 1.
The newly added service should be Service 2, Service 3, Service 4, etc., depending on how many services already exist.
But visually, the newest service should be shown at the top.

Correct Example:
Service 3
Service 2
Service 1

Wrong Example:
Service 1
Service 2
Service 3

Wrong Example:
Service 1
Service 2 where new service appears at bottom

Technical Logic:
Each service should have a permanent serviceNumber when created.

Example:
If there is 1 existing service:
newService.serviceNumber = 2

If there are 2 existing services:
newService.serviceNumber = 3

Then add the new service at the beginning of the array:

setCustomServices([newService, ...customServices])

But do not render label using index + 1.

Wrong:
Service {index + 1}

Correct:
Service {service.serviceNumber}

Because the visual order is newest first, but the service number should remain creation based.

Important Technical Requirements:
1. New service should be inserted at the top of the list.
2. New service should keep the next available service number.
3. Existing service numbers should not change.
4. Service 1 should remain Service 1 even when it moves down.
5. Service 2 should remain Service 2 even if it appears above Service 1.
6. Service 3 should appear above Service 2 and Service 1.
7. Delete button should delete the correct service.
8. Editing service type, quantity, and instructions should update the correct service.
9. Use stable unique IDs for each service.
10. Do not use array index as the display service number.
11. Form submission should still save all services correctly.
12. Billing calculation should not break.
13. Custom Order creation should still work properly.
14. Do not change the CRM dark theme or modal layout.

Acceptance Criteria:
1. I select Custom Order.
2. I see Service 1.
3. I click Add Service.
4. New Service 2 appears on top.
5. Old Service 1 moves below Service 2.
6. I click Add Service again.
7. New Service 3 appears on top.
8. Service order becomes Service 3, Service 2, Service 1.
9. Service numbers do not reset based on visual position.
10. Delete and edit functionality still works correctly.