I want to improve the Custom Order service fields layout in the Create Order form.

Project Context:
This is Pixely_CRM for Pixely Careers. In the Orders Management page, when I click Create Order and select Custom Order, there is a Custom Services section. When I add new services, each service box appears one after another.

Current Problem:
When I click Add Service and add Service 2, Service 3, etc., the new service field appears lower/down in the form. Because the modal is scrollable, I have to scroll down to find the newly added service.

Required Change:
When a new custom service is added, the newly added service field should appear at the top/up of the Custom Services list instead of appearing at the bottom.

Required Behavior:
1. In Custom Order mode, when I click Add Service, the new service block should be inserted at the top of the custom services list.
2. The newest service should appear first.
3. Older services should move down.
4. The user should not need to scroll down to find the newly added service.
5. The newly added service input should be visible immediately.
6. Preferably, the newly added service type dropdown should be focused automatically.
7. The scroll position should move to the newly added service if needed.

Example:
Current behavior:
Service 1
Service 2
New Service 3 appears at bottom

Required behavior:
New Service 3 appears at top
Service 2
Service 1

Important:
Do not break existing custom service functionality.

Each service block should still include:
Service Type dropdown
Quantity field
Special Instructions field
Delete service button

Service numbering should remain clean and logical.

Preferred Display:
If newest service is shown on top, label it clearly as:
Service 1
Service 2
Service 3

Or if existing logic uses original service numbers, keep it consistent but make sure the newest service appears on top.

Technical Instructions:
1. Find the Create Order modal/component.
2. Find the Custom Order section.
3. Find the Add Service button logic.
4. Currently, new service is probably added using array push or append logic.
5. Change the logic so the new service is added at the beginning of the services array instead of the end.

Example:
Instead of:
setCustomServices([...customServices, newService])

Use:
setCustomServices([newService, ...customServices])

6. Make sure delete service still deletes the correct service.
7. Make sure updating service type, quantity, and instructions still updates the correct service.
8. Use stable unique IDs for each service item if not already used.
9. Do not use array index as the only key if it causes update/delete issues.
10. Make sure form submission sends all custom services correctly.
11. Make sure total amount/charges calculation still works correctly.
12. Make sure validation still works correctly.
13. Do not change the existing CRM dark theme or modal design.
14. Do not break package selection, client details, payment details, or order creation.

UI/UX Requirements:
1. Keep the current design style.
2. Keep the Add Service button in the same section.
3. New service should appear instantly at the top.
4. Newly added service should be easy to identify.
5. Optional: Add a small smooth scroll to the top of the custom services section after adding a new service.
6. Optional: Auto-focus the service type dropdown of the newly added service.

Acceptance Criteria:
1. I select Custom Order.
2. I click Add Service.
3. The new service block appears at the top of the Custom Services list.
4. I do not have to scroll down to find the new service.
5. I can select service type, quantity, and instructions normally.
6. I can delete any service without wrong service being deleted.
7. Custom order submission still saves all services correctly.
8. Total amount/charges still calculate correctly.
9. Existing order form design does not break.
10. Existing package orders are not affected.

Please implement this carefully and test the Create Order form in Custom Order mode.