I want to add a new Monthly Revenue box/card on the Admin Orders Management page of my existing CRM.

Project Context:
This is Pixely_CRM for Pixely Careers. The Orders Management page currently shows summary cards at the top such as:

Total Monthly
Delivered
Pending
Collected
Remaining
Today's Revenue

I want to add one more summary card for Monthly Revenue.

Change Required:
Add a new card/box named "Monthly Revenue" on the Admin Orders page.

Purpose:
The Monthly Revenue box should show the total revenue generated for the selected month.

Important:
This should be shown on the Admin Orders Management page only, not necessarily for other user roles unless already part of the same admin dashboard logic.

Current Issue:
Right now, I can see Today's Revenue, Collected, Remaining, Total Monthly, Delivered, and Pending, but I also need a clear Monthly Revenue box so I can quickly see how much revenue was generated in the selected month.

Required Behavior:
1. Add a new summary card named:
   Monthly Revenue

2. It should calculate total monthly revenue from orders of the selected month.

3. Monthly Revenue should change when the admin changes the selected month or year.

4. Monthly Revenue should include the full order amount/value for all orders placed in that selected month.

5. It should not only calculate today's orders. It should calculate the complete selected month.

6. It should work with the existing monthly filter.

7. If there are no orders in the selected month, it should show:
   Rs0
   or
   Rs0.00
   depending on the current CRM currency format.

Calculation Logic:
Use the existing order total amount field from the database.

Monthly Revenue =
Sum of total order amount of all orders where order date belongs to the selected month and selected year.

Example:
If July 2026 is selected and there are 22 orders in July:
Order 1 total amount = Rs3,000
Order 2 total amount = Rs5,000
Order 3 total amount = Rs7,500

Monthly Revenue should show the total of all July order amounts.

Important Difference:
Collected = amount already received/paid
Remaining = unpaid amount
Today's Revenue = today's revenue only
Monthly Revenue = total value of all orders in selected month

So do not confuse Monthly Revenue with Collected or Remaining.

Display Requirements:
The new card should match the same design style as the existing summary cards:
- Same dark theme
- Same spacing
- Same border radius
- Same typography
- Same responsive behavior
- Use a suitable revenue/money/chart icon if icons are already being used

Suggested Card Position:
Place the Monthly Revenue card near the existing revenue cards.

Recommended order:
Total Monthly
Delivered
Pending
Monthly Revenue
Collected
Remaining
Today's Revenue

If layout space is limited, adjust responsively but keep the design clean.

Card Text:
Title:
Monthly Revenue

Value:
Rs[calculated amount]

Example:
Monthly Revenue
Rs85,300

Technical Implementation Instructions:
1. Find the Orders Management page/component.
2. Find where the top summary cards are calculated and rendered.
3. Add a new computed value called something like monthlyRevenue.
4. monthlyRevenue should be calculated from selected month orders, not today's orders.
5. Use the full order total amount field.
6. Convert amount values safely to numbers before summing.
7. Handle missing, null, undefined, or string amount values safely.
8. Use the existing currency formatting function if available.
9. Do not delete or change existing summary cards.
10. Do not break Today's Orders and Monthly Orders tabs.
11. Do not break filters, export PDF, create order, payment status, order status, designer assignment, or any existing CRM functionality.

Suggested Calculation Example:
const monthlyRevenue = monthlyOrders.reduce((sum, order) => {
  const amount = Number(order.totalAmount || order.amount || order.packagePrice || 0);
  return sum + amount;
}, 0);

Important:
Before using field names like totalAmount, amount, or packagePrice, inspect the existing database schema and current code. Use the correct existing field that stores the full order value.

Acceptance Criteria:
1. A new Monthly Revenue card appears on the Admin Orders Management page.
2. The card matches the existing CRM design.
3. The card shows the total value of all orders in the selected month.
4. Changing month/year updates the Monthly Revenue value.
5. Monthly Revenue is different from Collected and Remaining.
6. If no orders exist in a month, it shows Rs0.
7. Existing summary boxes continue working.
8. Existing order table, tabs, filters, export PDF, create order, and status dropdowns continue working.
9. No existing order data should be deleted or modified.

Please implement this carefully and test it on the Orders Management page.